Enable TFLite delegations (#3103)
mozilla/DeepSpeech: native_client/README.rst

Android devices
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> We have support for Android relying on TensorFlow Lite, with Java and JNI bindinds. For more details on how to experiment with those, please refer to ``native_client/java/README.rst``.

Reviewer: 1. The referenced file, `native_client/java/README.rst`, says "This is still preliminary work" as the very first sentence, so if we're removing that term here and publishing the docs, we should make sure we have fixed whatever was causing this to be considered preliminary, and review the whole documentation.

2. We should move the Java README into ReadTheDocs as well if we want to reference it.

3. The Java README mixes build and usage instructions in a way that is not very clear that you don't have to build things yourself for usage and experimentation. We should re-arrange it to start with simple usage instructions using pre-built binaries, and then have build instructions.

Author: Good catches, ill address them.

Reviewer: This still has a file path instead of `` :ref:`java-android-bindings` ``

   cd ../DeepSpeech/native_client
   $ANDROID_NDK_HOME/ndk-build APP_PLATFORM=android-21 APP_BUILD_SCRIPT=$(pwd)/Android.mk NDK_PROJECT_PATH=$(pwd) APP_STL=c++_shared TFDIR=$(pwd)/../tensorflow/ TARGET_ARCH_ABI=arm64-v8a

Delegation API
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TensorFlow Lite supports Delegate API to offload some computation from the main CPU. Please refer to `TensorFlow's documentation <https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/performance/delegates>`_ for details.

To ease with experimentations, we have enabled some of those delegations on our Android builds:
* GPU, to leverage OpenGL capabilities
* NNAPI, the Android API to leverage GPU / DSP / NPU
* Hexagon, the Qualcomm-specific DSP

This is highly experimental:
* Requires passing environment variable ``DS_TFLITE_DELEGATE`` with values of ``gpu``, ``nnapi`` or ``hexagon`` (only one at a time)
* Might require exported model changes (some Op might not be supported)
* We can't guarantee it will work, nor it will be faster than default implementation

> Feedback on improving this is welcome: how it is exposed in the API, how much performance speed do you get, how much changes does a delegate requires to the model, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feedback on improving this is welcome: how it could be exposed in the API, performance gains you get in your applications, how you had to change to model to make it work with a delegate, etc.
```

Reviewer: We should also include `SUPPORT.rst` in ReadTheDocs, and link to it in this paragraph.

   cd ../DeepSpeech/native_client
   $ANDROID_NDK_HOME/ndk-build APP_PLATFORM=android-21 APP_BUILD_SCRIPT=$(pwd)/Android.mk NDK_PROJECT_PATH=$(pwd) APP_STL=c++_shared TFDIR=$(pwd)/../tensorflow/ TARGET_ARCH_ABI=arm64-v8a

Delegation API
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

TensorFlow Lite supports Delegate API to offload some computation from the main
CPU. Please refer to `TensorFlow's documentation
<https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/performance/delegates>`_ for details.

To ease with experimentations, we have enabled some of those delegations on our
Android builds: * GPU, to leverage OpenGL capabilities * NNAPI, the Android API

> to leverage GPU / DSP / NPU * Hexagon, the Qualcomm-specific DSP

Reviewer: Looks like something messed up the newlines/lists here.

Author: Too Quick in rewriting the list in vim 😢

Author: Too Quick in rewriting the list in vim 😢

This is highly experimental: * Requires passing environment variable
``DS_TFLITE_DELEGATE`` with values of ``gpu``, ``nnapi`` or ``hexagon`` (only
one at a time) * Might require exported model changes (some Op might not be
supported) * We can't guarantee it will work, nor it will be faster than
default implementation

Feedback on improving this is welcome: how it could be exposed in the API, how
much performance gains do you get in your applications, how you had to change
the model to make it work with a delegate, etc.

> :ref:`Support / contact details <support>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`the support/contact details page for how to get in touch <support>`
```
